gh-112301: Update disable safety and enable slow safety configure options documentation (#122758)
python/cpython: Doc/using/configure.rst

>    Disable compiler options that are recommended by `OpenSSF`_ for security reasons with no performance overhead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Disable compiler options that are `recommended by OpenSSF`_ for security reasons with no performance overhead.
```

Author: Expanded link text

   If this option is not enabled, CPython will be built based on safety compiler options with no slow down.
   When this option is enabled, CPython will not be built with the compiler options listed below.

>    Compiler options that are disabled with this option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The following compiler options are disabled with :option:`!--disable-safety`:
```

Author: Re-worded sentence

   * `-fstack-protector-strong`_: Enable run-time checks for stack-based buffer overflows.
   * `-Wtrampolines`_: Enable warnings about trampolines that require executable stacks.

>    .. _OpenSSF: https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/docs/Compiler-Hardening-Guides/Compiler-Options-Hardening-Guide-for-C-and-C++.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. _recommended by OpenSSF: https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/docs/Compiler-Hardening-Guides/Compiler-Options-Hardening-Guide-for-C-and-C++.md
```

Author: Changed link text

   .. _-fstack-protector-strong: https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/docs/Compiler-Hardening-Guides/Compiler-Options-Hardening-Guide-for-C-and-C++.md#enable-run-time-checks-for-stack-based-buffer-overflows
   .. _-Wtrampolines: https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/docs/Compiler-Hardening-Guides/Compiler-Options-Hardening-Guide-for-C-and-C++.md#enable-warning-about-trampolines-that-require-executable-stacks

   .. versionadded:: 3.14

.. option:: --enable-slower-safety

>    Enable compiler options that are recommended by `OpenSSF`_ for security reasons which require overhead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Enable compiler options that are `recommended by OpenSSF`_ for security reasons which require overhead.
```

Author: Expanded link text

   If this option is not enabled, CPython will not be built based on safety compiler options which performance impact.
   When this option is enabled, CPython will be built with the compiler options listed below.

>    Compiler options that are enabled with this option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The following compiler options are enabled with :option:`!--enable-slower-safety`:
```

Author: Re-worded sentence

   * `-D_FORTIFY_SOURCE=3`_: Fortify sources with compile- and run-time checks for unsafe libc usage and buffer overflows.

>    .. _OpenSSF: https://github.com/ossf/wg-best-practices-os-developers/blob/main/docs/Compiler-Hardening-Guides/Compiler-Options-Hardening-Guide-for-C-and-C++.md

Reviewer: You don't need to (and shouldn't) redefine link targets in the same document
```suggestion
```

Author: Removed superfluous link
